Changed ELs to TLs (#752)
coderefinery/coderefinery.org: content/privacy-policy.md

of 2022 since we often get asked for participation certificates long after the
workshop is concluded.  Therefore, we will keep information of the
participants who are qualified to certificates (either as learner, helper,
expert helper, or team lead) in the currently used platform, Indico,
managed by NeIC. The currently participating staff who is also committed to be
a part of the CodeRefinery SP have access to the information.

We continue using the newsletter in the new phase but

> we may switch to oteam lead but in this case we would notify all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we may switch to other services lead but in this case we would notify all
```
Looks like mistake find-and-replace here?
